| Key          | Value                           |
|--------------|---------------------------------|
| Date:        | 09/04/2024                      |
| Time:        | 15:45 - 16:30                   |
| Location:    | Drebbelweg PC Hall 1 'Backroom' |
| Chair        | Maurice van de Streek           |
| Minute Taker | Glafkos Michaelides             |
| Attendees:   | Everyone                        |
Agenda Items:
- Opening by chair **(1 min)**
- Check-in: How is everyone doing? **(1 min)**
- Announcements by the team **(1 min)**
- Approval of the agenda & last week's minutes - Does anyone have any additions? **(1 min)**
- Announcements by the TA **(3 min)**
- Talking Points: (inform/decision-making/discuss)
  1. Sprint review **(6 min)**
  2. Present application to TA **(5 min)**
  3. HCI rubrics **(4 min)**
     - Color contrast: tags
     - Keyboard shortcuts
     - Errors: server is down, are there other errors we missed?
  4. Pointer file + README **(2 min)**
  5. Code deadline **(3 min)**
     - How to deal with problematic MRs just before the deadline for knockout-criteria?
     - Should we test the entire application aka all requirements when accepting MRs?
  6. What else should we work on? **(10 min)**
     - Missing @Controller?
     - Relocate backup and lang folder and config file into client module
     - Are there rubrics we haven't yet satisfied?
     - Translations: tags, third language, screens?
     - Testing?
     - JavaDoc?
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? **(1 min)**
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis -estimate? **(1 min)**
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? **(5 min)**
    - Is our understanding of "share per person" correct?
    - Is our use of @Controller for server status check sufficient?
    - Is our use of long polling sufficient?
- Closure **(1 min)**
