| Key | Value                           |
| --- |---------------------------------|
| Date: | 26/03/2024                      |
| Time: | 15:45 - 16:30                   |
| Location: | Drebbelweg PC Hall 1 'Backroom' |
| Chair | Giorgos Christofi               |
| Minute Taker | Glafkos Michaelides             |
| Attendees: | Everyone                        |
Agenda Items:
- Opening by chair **(1 min)**
- Check-in: How is everyone doing? **(1 min)**
- Announcements by the team **(1 min)**
- Approval of the agenda & last week's minutes - Does anyone have any additions? **(1 min)**
- Announcements by the TA **(2 min)**
- Talking Points: (Inform/brainstorm/decision-making/discuss) **(*total* 30-35 min)**
     1. Sprint review `[inform]` **(5 min)**
     2. Unresolved GitLab issues from past weeks `[discuss]` **(2 min)**
     3. Updates on websockets and long polling `[inform]` **(3 min)**
     4. Product pitch `[brainstorm]` **(5 min)**
     5. Optional features `[decision-making]` **(5 min)**
           -What features are we going to prioritize?
           -What has already been implemented?
     6. Division of tasks `[discuss]` **(6 min)**
     7. Presentation of the current app to the TA `[inform]` **(5 min)**
- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? **(2 min)**
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? **(1 min)**
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis -estimate? **(1 min)**
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? **(3 min)**
  - Where does responsiveness of scenes fall into?
  - Does the admin view need to be synchronized or can we use a refresh button?
  - Should time be tracked in the MR or in the issue?
  - Is the product 
- Closure **(1 min)**