| Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Date: | 20/02/2024 |
| Time: | 15:45 - 16:30 |
| Location: | Drebbelweg PC Hall 1 'Backroom' |
| Chair | Maurice van de Streek |
| Minute Taker | Tudor Iustin |
| Attendees: | Everyone |
Agenda Items:
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Check-in: How is everyone doing? (1 min)
- Announcements by the team (1 min)
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (1 min)
- Announcements by the TA (1 min)
  
-Agenda implementation

-Git Deadline

-Knockout criteria

- Talking Points: (Inform/brainstorm/decision making/discuss)
- <Agenda-item 1> Template Project: Has everyone been able to run it? (1 min)

  Everyone jas the template project
- <Agenda-item 2> Code of Conduct (10 min)

-Divide the last bullet points

-Work after finishing the coding deadline for the week

-Pay attention to the restrictions of the code of conduct

-Talk to each other to make sure we are not overlapping ideas in the code of conduct

-Translate Google Dox into latex and make sure we are starting to work and putting our parts of the code of conduct on the GitLab so that we have proof that each of us has worked on it.

- <Agenda-item 3> Translating backlog into tasks (18 min)

-Divide backlog 

-Basic requirements is going to be our main focus

-Try to find out what are the most important “base” tasks so far

-To the “basic” tasks so that we can all be able to have a good input

-Try to picture the Domain and how it should look like, seeing the actual model of the “Event”, “Participant”, and “Expense”.

-Discuss the “To see the total sum of all expenses, the share per person and how much each person owes to/is owed by the group, so all participants can meet and settle their debts.” requirement and what it means

-Note down all the bullet points from the basic requirements.

-Back-end: API, we need to know the fields of the database and how to connect them

-Start looking at tutorials about SPRING and then divide the criteria so we can have a deeper understanding of the project backlog

-Thursday meeting so we can work together, share videos and websites about this subject that are of help to all the other teammates
- <Agenda-item 4> Checkstyle (2 min)

-Take the OOP checkstyle and adapt it to our needs, as for example increase the ciclomatic complexity and keep the necessity for Java comments.

- <Agenda-itdem 5> Git Assignment (1 min)

-Almost everyone has done the assignment (5/6)

-Slight concerns about the correctitude of our solutions

- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (2 min)

-Everybody looks at tutorials about SPRING and reads the backlog

- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (1 min)

-We went over the important topics and covered everything we had planned to

-We have helped each other, communicated very well and managed to create key points for our incoming goals

- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis -estimate? (1 min)

-Perfect timing
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (2 min)
- Closure (1 min)
