| Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Date: | 27/02/2024 |
| Time: | 15:45 - 16:30 |
| Location: | Drebbelweg PC Hall 1 'Backroom' |
| Chair | Iustin-Nicolae Tudor |
| Minute Taker | Matei Pânzariu |
| Attendees: | Everyone |
Agenda Items:
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Check-in: How is everyone doing? (1 min)
- Announcements by the team (1 min)
	-the team did a good job working on the backhand 
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (1 min)
	-everybody agrees on the agenda
- Announcements by the TA (2 min)
	-the TA wants to see a demo of the application each week
-everyone should give a short summary of what we worked on in the previous week
	-we should start to do meaningful progress towards completing the project
	-the code of conduct has a deadline on Friday
	-everyone should work on both front-hand and backhand
	-the agenda should be updated based on what was talked about during the meeting 
- Talking Points: (Inform/brainstorm/decision making/discuss)

- <Agenda-item 1> Sprint review (5 min)
	-Kornel: setting up the entities (took 1h 30m)
		   Changed the id of the Event(around 1h)
		   Configuration to the front-hand (took around 1h 30m)
	-Giorgos: made the interfaces for the databases + tests for the entities
		   Name changes (15m-30m)
    Started working on the UI + made a basic start-up page (work on progress)	
	-Maurice(4h): made the controllers	
		   Tests
     	   Created new “issues”.
	-Glafkos: worked on the title for the event title
		   Worked on some tests.
    -Matei: added some changes in the EventController 
	       Made class EventService
    -Iustin: ParticipantController
               ParticipantService

- <Agenda-item 2> Code of Conduct (2 min)
	-add the template into Latex
      -make it a pdf
      -finish it before Wednesday night

- <Agenda-item 3> UI, division of tasks, estimates (16 min)
	-(Kornel) set-up the localization method (for switching between languages)
	-(Giorgos) working on the start-screen and tests for the UI
	-For JavaFX we should rely on ChatGPT over Google
	-Add more issues on Web Lab
	-Create an itinerary of all the tasks
	-currently the endpoints, when tested with Postman don’t work
	 
What to start on:
	-Creating the overview after the start screen
-working on WebSocket (sometime…)

- <Agenda-item 4> Live language switch (3 min)
	-should start working earlier
	-Kornel has a brief understanding

- <Agenda-item 5> Setting up Postman, start visualizing the database (2 min)
	-doesn’t work yet
	-Spring doesn’t allow us to generate the IDs in the way we do now
    -We can use a tool that let’s us create custom IDs as opposed to auto-generating them

- <Agenda-item 6> Q&A with the TA  (2 min)
    - Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (2 min)
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (1 min)
	-sending the agenda earlier
	-showing more activity on Git Lab

- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis -estimate? (1 min)
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (2 min)
- Closure (1 min)
